PRIVACY POLICY

TABLE OF CONTENTS:
1. Introduction
2. Data We Collect
3. Online Tracking and Opt-out
4. How We Use The Information We Collect
5. Sharing Your Information
6. How We Protect Your Information
7. Information Relating to Children
8. Where We Store Your Information
9. How Long We Store Your Information
10. Data Deletion
11. Access To and Choices Regarding Your Information

1. INTRODUCTION
This Privacy Policy applies when you use any of the Apps of this publisher and should be read together with the End User License Agreement EULA. By using a Publisher's App, you are consenting to our processing of your information in ways set out in this Privacy Policy. If you do not agree with it, please do not use any Publisher's Apps. In certain cases, for example, if geolocation data is processed by the relevant Publisher's App, the Publisher's App will prompt you to give additional consent. In such case, you can choose not to give consent to us processing data related to your location but you can still use the Publisher's App.
This Privacy Policy may change so you should review it regularly. We will notify you of any material changes in the way we treat your information through the Publisher's Apps you use.

2. DATA WE COLLECT
When you use an Publisher's App, Publisher may collect data, including information which directly or indirectly identifies you. Your information may be kept in an identifiable format, or in an aggregate format which means that you cannot reasonably be identified from it. The information we collect about you includes:
If an Publisher's App offers you the option to register, we will collect the information you provide to us in the registration form. This may include identification data such as your name, email address or other account or registration information.
We will also collect your information when you use Publisher's Apps such as when you post or share material, upload data, request further services or make selections using the Publisher's Apps, if such functionality is available in the Publisher's App.
We will collect information about you when you interact with us such as when you report a problem, contact or communicate with us.
We may collect certain device information and electronic identifiers such as your mobile device identifier provided by your mobile device operating system, your mobile operating system details and the name of your mobile carrier. For example, if you use the iOS platform then Advertiser IDs (also known as "IDFAs") may be collected. Other identifiers collected may include IP addresses, OpenUDID, Session ID, ODIn1, iOS Vendor IDs, MAC addresses, IMEI, Android ID for Android platform, and ODIN1 for OS X (together with the IDFAs, the "App Identifiers").
Information about how and when you use the Publisher's App. This includes the amount of times you used the Publisher's App, which parts of it you viewed and other technical data such as country settings and timestamps.
Geolocation data, which is any information which indicates the geographical position of your device and which may include the time the location was recorded. Before processing any precise GPS geolocation data, the Publisher's App will require you to give your consent, which you can revoke by changing the privacy settings of your device.
Any of your information you provide or permit to be provided to us via a social network or public forum provider like Facebook when you link the Publisher's App to your social network or public forum account. This data may include your use of the Publisher's App on such public forums and/or social networks, including with whom you share the Publisher's App. For further information how and for what purpose the social network provider collects etc. your data see their privacy policy.
We automatically collect certain information from your device when you use the Publisher's App including information about your device, carrier and other technical data.

3. ONLINE TRACKING AND OPT-OUT
We are committed to providing you with meaningful choices about the information collected from you on our Publisher's Apps for third party purposes, and that is why we provide the links below to the NAI "Consumer Opt-out," DAA opt-out, and Google and other opt-outs that are only applicable to participating third parties, which does not include Publisher. As stated below you may also block certain App Identifiers by changing the settings of your device. However, we do not currently recognize or respond to browser-initiated Do Not Track signals, as the Internet industry is still working on Do Not Track standards, implementations and solutions.
https://support.google.com/ads/answer/2662922?hl=en
http://www.networkadvertising.org/choices/
http://www.aboutads.info/choices/
https://info.yahoo.com/privacy/us/yahoo/
http://www.flurry.com/legal-privacy/end-user-opt-out

4. HOW WE USE THE INFORMATION WE COLLECT
We may use your information we collect to:
Deliver the Publisher's Apps to you and ensure their optimal functionality and operation;
Provide you with customer support;
Perform research and analysis about your use of, or interest in, our products, services, or content;
In accordance with applicable law, communicate with you by e-mail, postal mail, telephone and/or mobile devices (including through in-application advertising) about products or services that may be of interest to you either from us, our parent or subsidiary companies or other third parties. If you do not wish to receive in-application advertising, you can upgrade to the paid version of the app.;
Develop and display content and advertising tailored to your interests and to measure its effectiveness;
Verify your eligibility and deliver prizes in connection with contests and sweepstakes and in order to conduct polls and surveys;
Enforce our terms, conditions and policies and to communicate with you;
Manage and improve the Publisher's App. For this purpose, we may use and combine your information which we collect across different Publisher's Apps used by you;
When we collect your precise GPS geolocation data (subject to your consent), we do so for the purpose of providing you with our location-related products and services, for example to provide you with forecast and weather alerts for your location.
When you share your information with us via a social network provider like Facebook, we use this to show information on your social network profile (subject to your privacy setting and preferences for such social network) and to allow you to share information about our services with your connections or on your social network profile.
When you use the Publisher's App, we may use the App Identifiers to facilitate access to the Publisher's Apps, help us recognize you across different Publisher's Apps, to enable you to use the Publisher's Apps, to personalize your experience, to increase security, measure the use and effectiveness of our Publisher's Apps and serve advertising. You can block certain App Identifiers by changing the settings of your device.

5. SHARING YOUR INFORMATION
We do not share your information with others except as indicated below:
We may share your information with our authorized service providers that perform certain services on our behalf. These services may include providing customer service and marketing assistance, performing business and sales analysis, supporting Publisher's Apps functionality, and supporting marketing promotions (e.g., contests and sweepstakes) surveys and other features offered through Publisher's Apps. These service providers may have limited access to your information, which is needed to perform their functions, but are not permitted to share or use such information for any other purposes.
When you engage in promotions offered through the Publisher's Apps, we may share your information with the businesses with which we partner to offer you those products, services, promotions, contests and/or sweepstakes. When you elect to engage in a particular merchant's offer or program, you authorize us to provide your email address and other information to that merchant.
We may also allow third-parties, including our authorized service providers, parent and subsidiary companies, affiliates, advertising companies, and ad networks, to display advertisements in the Publisher's Apps or use App Identifiers for the purpose of advertising and direct marketing. These companies may use technologies to collect information about users who view or interact with their advertisements. This information allows them to deliver targeted advertisements and gauge their effectiveness.
We combine information internally at Publisher across different Publisher's Apps. This means, for example, that we may combine your information from our Notepad app with information we have about you in our Emoji app. This will enable us to provide more tailored and personal experiences and services to you across the family of Publisher's Apps
Other Situations. We may disclose your information (i) in response to a subpoena or similar investigative demand, a court order, or a request for cooperation from a law enforcement or other government agency, (ii) in connection with efforts to investigate, prevent, or take other action regarding illegal activity, suspected fraud or other wrongdoing; (iii) to protect and defend the rights, property or safety of our company, our users, our employees, or others; (iv) to comply with applicable law or cooperate with law enforcement; (v) to enforce Publisher's Apps terms and conditions or other agreements or policies; and (vi) in connection with a substantial corporate transaction, such as the sale of our business or the Publisher's Apps, a divestiture, merger, consolidation, or asset sale or transfer, or in the unlikely event of bankruptcy. In addition, we may share aggregated information we collect, under any of the above circumstances, with third parties, including advisors, advertisers and investors, for the purpose of conducting general business analysis or other legitimate business purposes. Please note that such aggregated information will not include any information which allows third parties to identity you.

6. HOW WE PROTECT YOUR INFORMATION
The security and confidentiality of your information is very important to us, so we take appropriate security measures (including physical, electronic and procedural measures) to help safeguard your information from unauthorized access and disclosure. Please know that, despite our efforts, no security measures are perfect or impenetrable.

7. INFORMATION RELATING TO CHILDREN
Some if the Publisher's Apps are not directed to children under the age of 13. We do not knowingly collect (or knowingly allow any third party to collect) information from persons under the age of 13. If we become aware that information has been collected from a person under the age of 13, we will delete this information and terminate the person's account as quickly as possible. If you believe that we may have information from or about a child under the age of 13, please contact us and we will promptly delete that information.

8. WHERE WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION
The information that we collect from you may be transferred to, and stored at, a destination outside of your country and the European Economic Area ("EEA") and, in particular, the US. It may also be processed by any service providers appointed by us who operate outside the EEA and their staff, and/or our own staff based outside of the EEA. By submitting your data, you agree to this transfer, storing or processing outside of the EEA. Data transferred will be treated in accordance with this Privacy Policy.

9. HOW LONG WE STORE YOUR INFORMATION
We will keep your information for as long as is necessary to provide you with the Publisher's Apps and for us to comply with our obligations under this Privacy Policy and at law.

10. DATA DELETION
Uninstallation and removal methods vary depending on your device. To uninstall and remove the Publisher's Apps, please use the application manager provided with your device or consult your device manual for reference. Any of your data stored by us will be deleted after a reasonable period following deletion of a Publisher's App.

11. ACCESS TO AND CHOICES REGARDING YOUR INFORMATION
You have the right to access information held about you or require it to be modified if inaccurate or deleted. Your right of access can be exercised by contacting us using the details set out below. Any access request may be subject to a fee to meet our costs in providing you with details of the information we hold about you.
